Hello, my friends, welcome back.
And mostly welcome to part for making the predictions and evaluating the moral and idea of the previous
material.
I actually asked you to do a little homework, which is right here, and which consisted of using your
hénin and moral to predict if the customer with the following information will leave.
Yes or no, the bank.
So I hope you did.
Well, you actually had all the tools to do it.
And that's something we did before in part three classification.
So I'm sure you smashed this.
Let's see about that.
Let's implement the solution together.
All right.
So I left this code cell here to enter the solution, but this is just too common.
So let's just remove it.
And now how do we complete successfully that homework?
Well, of course, we need to get first are aid and moral from which we're gonna call a new method.
No different than the ad method or the fit method.
Right.
Now, of course, we need to call the predict method, right.
Absolutely no trap.
We call this Brigg method to predict if yes.
Know the customer with the following information will leave the bank.
All right.
And now, since this is a method, I'm going to add some parenthesis here.
Let me actually scroll down, you know, in case you're uncomfortable with the border at the bottom.
All right.
To predict then.
OK.
So you have all the information to predict method.
But we know exactly what to predict.
This is given in the instructions of the homework.
We have to enter these informations.
But there are few things to pay attention to.
And there are actually three things.
That's why I really wanted to give you this homework, because I wanted to see if you could pay attention
to three important things to include inside that BRIC method.
Let's start with the most essential one, which is the double pair of square brackets.
Right.
It's very important to remember that any input of the predict method must be to the array, whether
it is the test set to predict.
And in symbol of outcomes, foreign and symbol of observations or whether it is a single prediction.
Well, anything has to be in a double pair of square brackets, which therefore makes a 2D array.
Basically, the format expected by the break method is always to the array.
Okay, so that was the first thing.
Then inside this to the array, we're going to enter well, the different informations here.
And that leads me to mention the second important thing which had to pay attention to, which is about
that very well here.
Geography, France, according to you.
Do we have to enter, as you know, disperse information here for the geography variable?
Do we have to enter the string France or do we have to enter something else?
Well, of course we have to enter something else, and that's something else.
Are the values of the dummy variable, right?
That's the second thing you had to do correctly.
And therefore, now we need to check what was the encoding for France?
Well, remember, if we have a look at our matrix of features X right above, you know, in part one
day will be pricing.
So this is the matrix of features X, the whole matrix containing all the customers.
So in order to know what France corresponds to, you know, in terms of encoding, we just have to have
a look at the first observation before one HUTZ encoding was applied, because indeed that first observation
corresponds to France.
And so now we just need to compare friends here to the one Hutz, including resulting from what we did
here.
And, well, we can see that the first row here contains one zero zero as the values of the dummy variables,
and therefore France was encoded indeed into one zero zero.
So the dummy variable values for the France country and the geography variable is indeed one zero zero.
And that's exactly what we have to enter here as the first parameter.
So let's do this.
Let's enter one zero zero.
And there we go.
Basically, that enters that first value of the first parameter geography.
All right.
And then all the rest is easy for the credit score.
We will enter.
Indeed.
Six hundred.
Then let's see the gender male.
So remember, male was encoded as one and female was encoded at zero.
So here in order to enter the male gender, we need to enter one.
All right, then, 40 years old.
Very simply, we enter 40.
Then tenure three years.
We enter three here.
Then balance sixty thousand dollars.
So we enter sixty thousand.
Then let's see number of products too.
So two then.
Does this customer have a credit card?
Yes.
So one because one corresponds to yes and zero corresponds to no.
Is this customer an active member?
Yes.
So one again, an estimated salary.
Finally, fifty thousand dollars.
So our last parameter value.
Is fifty thousand dollars OK?
Yes.
Oh, good.
Excellent.
And now I have a question for you.
Do you think we're done with this prediction, you know, using the Pyhrric method with all these informations?
And the answer to that is no.
And that leads me to the third thing you had to pay attention to, which is the fact that remember to
predict method should be called arnd observations on which the same scaling was applied as in the training.
And since we trained our artificial neural network with the scaled values, you know, the scaled values
of the features, well, the predict method has to be called on to these observations to which the same
scaling was applied.
And that was the third thing you must have not forgotten, which is the fact that you have to apply
your essay object here to scale that single observation.
Right.
That's superimportant.
Make sure to pay attention to this.
Check if some scaling was applied during the training.
And yes, it is the case here.
And anyway, it is always the case for neural networks.
And therefore, in the predict method.
Well, we need to scale that single observation.
And the way to do this is, of course, by calling our SC object.
Yes.
This one from which we're going to go.
Be careful not to fit transform because the fit transform is used to remember, get the mean and standard
deviation of the values and training set in order to fit your scalar to the training set.
But then for the test set, we only need to call the transfer method because if we fitted again the
scalar, well, that would cause some information like it.
You know, I explained this in part one, David preprocessing check it out again if you need.
But remember that on the test set or on new observations on which you deploy your model in production,
you can only apply the transform method.
And that's what we're going to call here, transform.
There we go.
Which has to take as input the whole observation in these double pair of square brackets.
All right.
Perfect.
Good, good, good.
So basically, that's it.
Now we can run that cell.
Now we can get our prediction.
But remember that when compiling are an end to, you know, an optimizer, a lost function and a matrix.
Remember that in the output of our artificial new network, we chose a sigmoid activation function,
which therefore will return this prediction in the form of a probability, meaning that instead of getting
the final outcome, one or zero, whether the customer left or stayed in the bank, while we're going
to get the probability that this customer leaves the bank.
But you'll see it will be very easy to get the final prediction, one or zero.
But first, let me show you what we get with this prediction.
So we're going to put all this into a print, right?
All this into a third pair of parenthesis.
Now, let me play that cell and we get that that the predicted probability that this customer leaves
the bank is all point O four point O 38 O point O four.
And therefore, it is predicted that this customer has a very low chance to leave the bank.
And if you don't want the outcome in the form of a probability.
Well, the trick to convert this into the final prediction is very easy.
You just need to adhere.
You know, just before the last parenthesis, the larger symbol and then both point five.
Why is that?
That's because, you know, all this, you know, and and predict the Nancy transform, then all the
information is of the customers up to here returns.
Exactly.
The predicted probability.
And here we choose a threshold of open five to say that if that predicted probability is larger than
open five.
Well, we will consider the final result to be one.
Right, because the predicted probability that the outcome is one is larger than open five, meaning
that there is more than 50 percent chance that the predicted outcome is one.
So we'll consider it to be one.
And however, if the predicted probability that the customer leaves the bank is below open five.
Well, we will consider it to be zero.
Of course, you can choose a different value of the threshold, especially when you have critical outcome,
you know, for a critical decision.
And in that case, you can, for example, increase the threshold.
But here, let's just be the default value upon five.
This totally makes sense for our case study.
And therefore, now if we re execute this sale, we will, of course, get the final outcome, which
will be, of course, zero or false, you know, false.
We should not say goodbye to that customer or false.
You know, the customer won't leave the bank.
In other words, it will stay in the bank.
So good, good news for the bank.
But anyway, I just wanted to show you how to use your artificial neural network to.
Predict the outcome of a single observation, meaning a single customer, remember three things.
First, you have to enter your information in a two D array with a double pair of square brackets.
Then you need to be careful with the dummy variable values here instead of entering the string input
for that category call variable.
And then the third thing, remember to apply scaling from your essy object because your artificial newel
network was trained with scaled values.
Okay, great.
All right.
So now let's finish this implementation in a flashlight.
You know, the last two sales we have, by the way, I gave you some important notes here so that you
can remember.
That's basically what I explained.
But anyway, now we have two selves to go.
The first one is, you know, that cell, which I know very well where we predict the test that results
by displaying next to each other the vector of predictions, widespread bread and a vector of real results,
white test.
So we're going to do this most efficiently by juggling with our two kids.
And finally saying we will make the confusion matrix to get the final accuracy on the test set.
All right.
Let's do this efficiently.
So we're gonna go back into our machinery.
Is it for there, you know, to juggle with our toolkit?
So I'm clicking this shortcut here to get the original base of the folder machinery A to Z.
Then I'm just gonna go, you know, into point three classification to take any more all at stake,
you know, logistic regression, for example, than Python.
Then I can open this implementation, which contains indeed a lot of tools, you know, which we can
you do with classification, as we are doing right now with our N.N. And now I'm just gonna scroll down
and get, you know, the final sales, which will do exactly what we're about to do now with our and
then first to display next to each other the vector of predictions and the vector of real results.
So let's get that cell.
Let's base that inside a new code cell right here.
But remember that now, since our classifier, which is no longer called classifier, but a n n returns
the predictions in the form of probabilities.
Well, we just have to do a little something here, which is to, of course, convert are predicted
probabilities which are in spread into predicted binary outcomes, zero or one.
And the trick to do that is exactly the same as the trick we used here.
It is, of course, to update y pred the following way by setting it equal to, well, the boolean result
of weather y press.
You know, the predicted probability is larger than 4.5 so that if Y spread is between zero and open
five, then this new Y print will become zero because this won't be true.
And if Wipro is larger than open five, then this will be true.
And therefore Wipro will be equal to one.
All right.
And we'll get therefore the final predicted binary outcomes, zero or one.
And then the rest is the same.
All this is good.
So let's play that cell and we'll get indeed displayed next to each other.
First on the left, the vector of predictions y pred and on the right effect of real results.
Why test?
And now we don't have all the results displayed.
That's because we have a lot of observations.
But, you know, we can already see that the predictions look pretty good.
That first customer of the test said be careful.
That's all the customers of the test said.
Well, that first customer in reality stayed in the bank and was predicted, indeed to stay in the bank.
However, that second customer actually left.
In reality, the bank but W predicted not to was predicted to stay in the bank.
Then the third customer stayed in reality in the bank and was predicted to stay in the bank as well.
And then for these three last customers of the test said, well, they in reality stayed in the bank
and were predicted to stay indeed in the bank.
So the results look really good.
But the real way to check this is with our confusing metrics and therefore here in our logistic regression
tool, you know, code template.
Well, we just have to scroll down a little bit more to find the code for the confusing matrix and also
the computation of the accuracy.
So let's just get this.
Then let's just copy that into a new code cell.
This just pasted.
And now are you ready to get the final accuracy of your very first artificial neural network on the
test set?
Right.
Meaning on new customer on which the model wasn't trained.
Well, let's check this out right now.
Let's play that cell.
And very good.
We get an accuracy over 86 percent.
That's really good because it means that out of 100 customers.
Well, eighty six were predicted correctly to either stay in or leave the bank.
And we can actually see here the details of these predictions.
We had 1520 correct predictions that the customer stays in the bank.
Then we had 203.
Correct predictions that the customer leaves the bank.
Then we have 75 incorrect predictions that the customer leaves the bank.
And 202 incorrect predictions that the customer stays in the bank.
So anyway, that looks pretty good.
Accuracy of 86 percent is a very decent accuracy.
Of course, I challenge you to beat that, you know, to at least get one or two extra percent of accuracy.
But I actually experimented in myself, and it will be pretty hard to beat this.
So don't waste too much time on this.
Plus, I rather Anchorage's you to check out this free cause that we have on artificial new network
for regression, because I'd really like you to do anything you want with artificial neural networks,
whether it is to do classification for either a binary outcome or a non binary outcome or regression.
Right.
With this course plus the other free course, you'll know how to do anything with artificial new networks.
So that's rather my recommendation.
And now, of course, I want to say a final congratulations.
You completed a very advanced branch of machine learning so you can really be proud of your progress.
And if you're not too overwhelmed.
Well, it's stunned to reach an even higher level with convolutional neural networks.
So as soon as you feel ready for it will join us.
Carol and I in the next section to tackle convolutional neural networks.
And until then.
And Joy machine learning.